[deploy] (WOPI) Add row autoopen instructions about WOPI hosts (#2920)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/automatically-open-a-task-pane-with-a-document.md

---
title: Automatically open a task pane with a document
description: 'Learn how to configure an Office Add-in to open automatically when a document opens.'

> ms.date: 09/03/2021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 09/14/2021
```

> 

Reviewer: nit: In line 13, we mention the AddInCommands 1.1 requirement set. I think it would be useful if we link to that page. I'm not sure what the actual relative path is but probably something like ../reference/requirement-sets/add-in-commands-requirement-sets.md

Author: Done

The `webextension` part also includes a reference to the store or catalog with attributes for `id`, `storeType`, `store`, and `version`. Of the `storeType` values, only four are relevant to the autoopen feature. The values for the other three attributes depend on the value for `storeType`, as shown in the following table.

|`storeType` value|`id` value|`store` value|`version` value|
|:---------------|:---------------|:---------------|:---------------|
|OMEX (AppSource)|The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note).|The locale of AppSource; for example, "en-us".|The version in the AppSource catalog (see Note).|

> |WOPICatalog (third-party [WOPI](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/) hosts)| The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note) | "wopicatalog". Use this value for add-ins that are published in App Source and are installed in third-party WOPI hosts. For more information, see [Enable Office Web Add-Ins provided by Host](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/overview). | The version in the add-in manifest.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|WOPICatalog (third-party [WOPI](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/) hosts)| The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note). | "wopicatalog". Use this value for add-ins that are published in App Source and are installed in third-party WOPI hosts. For more information, see [Enable Office Web Add-Ins provided by Host](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/overview). | The version in the add-in manifest.|
```

> |WOPICatalog (third-party [WOPI](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/) hosts)| The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note). | "wopicatalog". Use this value for add-ins that are published in App Source and are installed in third-party WOPI hosts. For more information, see [Enable Office Web Add-Ins provided by Host](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/overview). | The version in the add-in manifest.|

Reviewer: Since the second link goes to a different article, should the title noted here match that?
```suggestion
|WOPICatalog (third-party [WOPI](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/) hosts)| The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note). | "wopicatalog". Use this value for add-ins that are published in App Source and are installed in third-party WOPI hosts. For more information, see [Integrating with Office Online](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/overview). | The version in the add-in manifest.|
```

Author: Yeah, thanks for catching that.

| **`storeType` value** | **`id` value**    |**`store` value** | **`version` value**|
|:---------------|:---------------|:---------------|:---------------|

> |OMEX (AppSource)|The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note)|The locale of AppSource; for example, "en-us".|The version in the AppSource catalog (see Note)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|OMEX (AppSource)|The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note).|The locale of AppSource; for example, "en-us".|The version in the AppSource catalog (see Note).|
```

> |WOPICatalog (third-party [WOPI](https://wopi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/overview.html) hosts)| The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note) | "wopicatalog". Use this value for add-ins that are published in App Source and are installed in third-party WOPI hosts. For more information, see [Enable Office Web Add-Ins provided by Host](https://wopi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/scenarios/hostinstalladdins.html) | The version in the add-in manifest.|

Reviewer: It looks like these pages now redirect to docs so can you update to final destinations? However, the second link is also redirecting to the overview page so I'm not sure what the actual link should be.
```suggestion
|WOPICatalog (third-party [WOPI](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/) hosts)| The AppSource asset ID of the add-in (see Note). | "wopicatalog". Use this value for add-ins that are published in App Source and are installed in third-party WOPI hosts. For more information, see [Enable Office Web Add-Ins provided by Host](/microsoft-365/cloud-storage-partner-program/online/). | The version in the add-in manifest.|
```

Author: Thanks. I'll investigate the links and let you know.

|FileSystem (a network share)|The GUID of the add-in in the add-in manifest.|The path of the network share; for example, "\\\\MyComputer\\MySharedFolder".|The version in the add-in manifest.|

> |EXCatalog (deployment via the Exchange server) |The GUID of the add-in in the add-in manifest.|"EXCatalog". EXCatalog row is the row to use with add-ins that use Centralized Deployment in the Microsoft 365 admin center.|The version in the add-in manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|EXCatalog (deployment via the Exchange server) |The GUID of the add-in in the add-in manifest.|"EXCatalog". EXCatalog row is the row to use with add-ins that use Centralized Deployment in the Microsoft 365 admin center.|The version in the add-in manifest.|
```

## See also

> For a sample that shows you how to use the autoopen feature, see [Office Add-in commands samples](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-Commands-Samples/tree/master/AutoOpenTaskpane).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a sample that shows you how to use the autoopen feature, see [Office Add-in commands samples](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-Commands-Samples/tree/master/AutoOpenTaskpane).
```
